Add user guide for MPI PDQ (#39)
nwisbeta/api-catalogue: catalogue/mpi/pdq/user-guide/overview.md

The MPI is by design an [enterprise master patient index](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enterprise_master_patient_index "Enterprise master patient index") whose aim is to correctly identify patients whenever or wherever they receive treatment. The result of linking patient identity records across a range of information systems is a single ‘gold standard’ identity record for use by new national systems. This helps minimise the number of duplicate records and supports health board system mergers.

### Message Format 
This Service exposes an HTTP SOAP web service endpoint.

The NHS Wales PDQ (Query Parameter Definition) messages conform to the Integrating the Healthcare Enterprise (IHE) Patient Demographics Query (PDQ) profile [HL7v2.5](https://hl7-definition.caristix.com/v2/HL7v2.5/Segments). 

> These consist of a QBP^Q22^QBP^Q21 request and corresponding synchronous RSP^K21 responses as per standard HL7.

Reviewer: It's technically a `QPB_Q21` Message Structure triggered by a `Q22` event (of type `QBP`) but as discussed, maybe not something for the overview and better placed in a "concepts" section.

Author: I can drop line 14 out for now if that would be better? And we could add a task to include a concepts section at a later date. That bit was from pg7 of the document in sharepoint.  

https://nhswales365.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/sites/DigitalHealthEcosystem/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B178FD27B-CB8D-4955-A89B-C93C6E3B0AF2%7D&file=Patient%20Demographics%20Query%20Service%20-%20External%20Interface%20Specification%20v1.0.doc&action=default&mobileredirect=true

Author: Conclusion I think I'll leave that line in there for now. We can always revisit should we add a "concepts" section at a later point.

* Search by NHS Number (single positive result)
* Search by HB PAS number (single positive result)
* Search by forename, surname, DoB (single positive result)
* Search by forename, gender, DoB (single positive result)
* Search by Surname, Postcode (single positive result)

### Examples included of edge cases users may encounter include

* Edge Case 1: Response when searching for WATSON, John | 07/08/1952 | M | CF12 9AD | PAS(129): E976321
   -     Multiple Health board IDs - multiple PID.3 segments with CX.5 = "PI" the same "assigning authority in CX.4/HD.1
   -     Without GP - PD1 segment of the message is missing
   -     Without NHS number - missing NHS segment

* Edge Case 2: Response when searching for HUDSON, Martha | 21/03/1939 | F | CF13 9AD | NHS: 5543223455 | PAS(129): E231796
   -     Deceased patient - returns a PID.29 (Patient Death Date and Time) against the patient
   -     Multiple matches - multiple RSP_K21.QUERY_RESPONSE segments

NOTE: The mock implementations used by the developer portal will also *echo back the QPD section (request details) of the original request* and populates MSH/MSH.7/TS.1 with a fresh timestamp for each request.

> To get started making requests take a look at our [quickstart](/pdq-user-guide/api-guide/quickstart)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started making requests take a look at our [quickstart](/api-guides/mpi-pdq/quickstart)
```
